{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\sa220\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \'93
\f1\i Clifford Nass and Byron (?) Reeves have done some pioneering work proving conclusively that human beings react to computers with the same set of emotional reactions that they use to react to other human beings. If I take a solid object, if I pick up a pencil or book and I throw it on the floor, nobody thinks too much about it\'96\'96but if I go over and hit somebody, everybody goes \'93whoa\'94. [They proved that] when people interact with their computer with a keyboard or mouse, the part of their brain that\'92s being activated is the one that has that emotional reaction to people dealing with people.
\f0\i0 \
\'93
\f1\i Here\'92s where the great mistake was made. [\'85] If people react to computers as though they\'92re people, we have to put the faces of people on our computers. In my mind, that\'92s the wrong thing to do. If people are going to react to computers as though they\'92re people, the one thing you don\'92t have to do is anthropomorphize them\'96\'96because they\'92re already using that part of the brain
\f0\i0 .\
\'93
\f1\i Clippy was a program based on the research that Nass and Reeves did, and it was a tragic misinterpretation of their work.
\f0\i0 \'94 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\sa220\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'96\'96\'96\'96Alan Cooper\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\sa220\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The quotation above is describing the 
\f2\b CASA 
\f0\b0 (
\f2\b Computers As Social Actors
\f0\b0 ) 
\f2\b theory
\f0\b0 , which states that users instinctively treat computers like people. CASA theory refers to 
\f1\i unconscious
\f0\i0  social responses\'96\'96in fact, many of the participants who are questioned after experiments emphatically deny the very behavior they just exhibited. \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\sa220\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Modern humans presented with interactive media will unconsciously respond to those media in a social way\'96\'96even if they 
\f3\i know
\f2\i0  (consciously) that those media are in fact not real humans.
\f0\b0  People don\'92t need much of a cue to respond socially\'96\'96plain text has been found to trigger the same social responses as more vivid technologies such as voice. \
What kind of traits trigger this unconscious response? \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sl120\slmult1\sa220\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1)	}Language use\
{\listtext	2)	}Interactivity\
{\listtext	3)	}Playing a social role\
{\listtext	4)	}Having human-sounding speech\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\sa220\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Adding agents tends to make the system more entertaining. \
\'93While CASA theory does not, in itself, justify the use of user interface agents, anthropomorphic or not, if one 
\f1\i does
\f0\i0  use an anthropomorphic interface, that will certainly be enough to trigger an unconscious\'96\'96and, likely, conscious\'96\'96social response to the agent.\'94 CASA theory predicts that psychological rules that apply to people will also apply to interactions with a computer. One must ask, \'93What would one want in a human assistant?\'94 Many of the Office Assistant\'92s behaviors would be outright intolerable in a human, such as continuing to ask the same question over and over.\'94 The letter-writing proactive help feature breaks every relevant etiquette rule: it ignores social conventions of when to disturb someone, it does not learn from its mistakes, it does not develop a long-term relationship, and it does not even provide a helpful service!\
A friend told me that she doesn\'92t like the Office Assistant because \'93it reminds me of how much I don\'92t know.\'94 For her, the Office Assistant is not unlike the flashing \'9312:00\'94 on so many VCRs.\
Users found joke-telling agents more tedious than ones that did not tell jokes, but also found the website more fun and reliable. Users found jokes more fun when they were 
\f1\i not
\f0\i0  paired with a character. \
Tips for adding agents to a system:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sa220\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Consider the agents\'92 task in its social element (for example, beginners may want to rely on more experienced users for help and guidance\'97how can one facilitate this?).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Agents should obey human rules of etiquette as much as possible (if one doesn\'92t like a person who disobeys these rules, one will especially dislike a computer agent that disobeys them!).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Explore ways to use the agent to teach users skills to make them more self-sufficient (thus allowing users to retain a sense of control over the program).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Carefully introduce the agent so as to realistically showcase its best features\'97and be sure that the appearance and behavior are consistent with that introduction (for example, if one calls the agent \'93fun,\'94 there should be something fun about it!).\
\pard\tx560\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa220\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\sa220\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://xenon.stanford.edu/~lswartz/paperclip/paperclip.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \'93Why People Hate the Paperclip: Labels, Appearance, Behavior, and Social Responses to User Interface Agents,\'94 by Luke Swartz}} (an undergraduate thesis paper advised by Clifford Nass)\
\
\
}