{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 CenturySchoolbook;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green133\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c52157\c83922;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42 \cf0 S
\fs31\fsmilli15750 CREENPLAY
\fs42  F
\fs31\fsmilli15750 ORMAT
\f1\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 About This Template
\fs24 \cf0 \
When compiled (File > Compile), this project will generate a formatted screenplay. By default it is set to export to Final Draft format, but you can change this to print it or to export to a different format instead.\
\

\fs36 \cf2 How To Use This Template
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Edit the \'93Title Page\'94 document inside the \'93Front Matter\'94 folder to ensure it contains the correct information.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\'93<$PROJECTTITLE>\'94 and \'93<$fullname>\'94 will be filled in during Compile if you fill in the Metadata pane of the Compile panel, or you can just replace these tags with the title and name in the text document.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Create new documents inside the \'93Screenplay\'94 folder and use Scrivener\'92s script mode (Format > Scriptwriting > Script Mode - Screenplay) to write your script. It\'92s up to you whether you use a separate document for each scene or not.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Note that the \'93Screenplay\'94 folder is what we refer to in the documentation as the \'93Draft folder\'94 - it\'92s just been renamed in this project.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Information about characters can be placed in the \'93Characters\'94 folder, and information about locations can be placed in the \'93Places\'94 folder. (These are just regular folders that have had custom icons assigned to them using the Documents > Change Icon feature.)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Character and setting sketch sheets have been provided which can be used for filling out information about the people and places in your novel. These are located in the \'93Template Sheets\'94 folder.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You should not edit the documents in the \'93Template Sheets\'94 folder directly unless you wish to change the templates (which you are free to do\'97you may wish to customise the sketch sheets or get rid of them entirely).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}To create a new character sheet, click on the Characters folder (or wherever you want to create your new character sheet) and from the Project menu, select New From Template > Character Sketch. This creates a new character sketch document for you to edit and fill in with your character details. You can create setting sketch sheets in the same way.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Alternatively, you can just click \'93Add\'94, or hit cmd-N, with the Characters or Places folders selected.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}A \'93Notes\'94 folder has been provided for project-level notes. This has been set as the default Bookmarks folder in Project > Project Settings, so that when you create a new document from the Bookmarks sidebar in a Quick Reference panel, the document will be added to this folder.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Compile your script for printing or exporting by selecting File > Compile.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 A Note on Fonts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 By default, Scrivener uses the \'93Courier Prime\'94 font for scriptwriting, which has similar dimensions to the \'93Courier Final Draft\'94 font used by Final Draft. However, because \'93Courier Prime\'94 is bundled inside Scrivener and is not a system font, it may not be available to other applications. This means that if you export a script using Courier Prime to, say, Word format, and Word does not have access to Courier Prime, Word will substitute a different font and your script may look very different.\
\
To avoid this, the Compile settings for this template are set up to substitute Courier Prime for regular Courier, which has slightly different dimensions and may make the screenplay a little longer. If you only ever plan to compile this project for printing, or for exporting to PDF or Final Draft formats (which are not affected by this problem), you may therefore wish to turn off this override and have Scrivener compile using Courier Prime. To do so, in Compile, beneath where it says \'93Section Layouts\'94 at the top, change the \'93Font\'94 setting from \'93Courier\'94 to \'93Determined by Section Layout\'94 (right at the top of the list).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Sample Document
\fs24 \cf0 \
See the \'93Sample Script\'94 PDF file in the Research folder for an example of a script that has been created using this template.\
\

\fs36 \cf2 Final Note
\fs24 \cf0 \
Scrivener project templates are flexible and are not intended to restrict you to a particular workflow. You can change, delete or move the files and folders contained in the template to suit how you work.\
\
Like all templates in Scrivener, this project was originally created from the \'93Blank\'94 template. We\'92ve simply added a few folders and set everything up in ways that should be useful to scriptwriters. Everything you can do with this project, you could equally do by creating a \'93Blank\'94 project and setting it up yourself.\
\
You can create your own templates by setting up a skeletal project with the files, folders and settings you would like to use for new projects and using File > Save As Template.}